tracing-opentelemetry/README.md, before:

# Tracing OpenTelemetry

Utilities for adding [OpenTelemetry] interoperability to [`tracing`].

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![Documentation (master)][docs-master-badge]][docs-master-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]
[![Discord chat][discord-badge]][discord-url]
![maintenance status][maint-badge]

[Documentation][docs-url] | [Chat][discord-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tracing-opentelemetry.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing-opentelemetry/0.3.1
[docs-badge]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/0.3.1/tracing_opentelemetry
[docs-master-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-master-blue
[docs-master-url]: https://tracing-rs.netlify.com/tracing_opentelemetry
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]:https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/actions?query=workflow%3ACI
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/500028886025895936?logo=discord&label=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/EeF3cQw
[maint-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-actively--developed-brightgreen.svg

## Overview

[`tracing`] is a framework for instrumenting Rust programs to collect
structured, event-based diagnostic information. This crate provides a layer
that connects spans from multiple systems into a trace and emits them to
[OpenTelemetry]-compatible distributed tracing systems for processing and
visualization.

The crate provides the following types:

* [`OpenTelemetryLayer`] adds OpenTelemetry context to all `tracing` [span]s.
* [`OpenTelemetrySpanExt`] allows OpenTelemetry parent trace information to be
  injected and extracted from a `tracing` [span].

[`OpenTelemetryLayer`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/latest/tracing_opentelemetry/struct.OpenTelemetryLayer.html
[`OpenTelemetrySpanExt`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/latest/tracing_opentelemetry/trait.OpenTelemetrySpanExt.html
[span]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/span/index.html
[`tracing`]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing
[OpenTelemetry]: https://opentelemetry.io/

## Examples

### Basic Usage

```rust
use opentelemetry::{api::Provider, sdk};
use tracing::{error, span};
use tracing_opentelemetry::OpenTelemetryLayer;
use tracing_subscriber::layer::SubscriberExt;
use tracing_subscriber::Registry;

fn main() {
    // Create a new tracer
    let tracer = sdk::Provider::default().get_tracer("component_name");

    // Create a new OpenTelemetry tracing layer
    let telemetry = OpenTelemetryLayer::with_tracer(tracer);

    let subscriber = Registry::default().with(telemetry);

    // Trace executed code
    tracing::subscriber::with_default(subscriber, || {
        let root = span!(tracing::Level::TRACE, "app_start", work_units = 2);
        let _enter = root.enter();

        error!("This event will be logged in the root span.");
    });
}
```

### Visualization example

```console
# Run a supported collector like jaeger in the background
$ docker run -d -p6831:6831/udp -p6832:6832/udp -p16686:16686 jaegertracing/all-in-one:latest

# Run report to produce example spans
$ cargo run --example report

# View spans (see the image below)
$ firefox http://localhost:16686/
```

![Jaeger UI](trace.png)

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Tracing by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Move examples to project examples directory

tracing-opentelemetry/README.md, after:

# Tracing OpenTelemetry

Utilities for adding [OpenTelemetry] interoperability to [`tracing`].

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![Documentation (master)][docs-master-badge]][docs-master-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]
[![Discord chat][discord-badge]][discord-url]
![maintenance status][maint-badge]

[Documentation][docs-url] | [Chat][discord-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tracing-opentelemetry.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing-opentelemetry/0.3.1
[docs-badge]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/0.3.1/tracing_opentelemetry
[docs-master-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-master-blue
[docs-master-url]: https://tracing-rs.netlify.com/tracing_opentelemetry
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]:https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/actions?query=workflow%3ACI
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/500028886025895936?logo=discord&label=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/EeF3cQw
[maint-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-actively--developed-brightgreen.svg

## Overview

[`tracing`] is a framework for instrumenting Rust programs to collect
structured, event-based diagnostic information. This crate provides a layer
that connects spans from multiple systems into a trace and emits them to
[OpenTelemetry]-compatible distributed tracing systems for processing and
visualization.

The crate provides the following types:

* [`OpenTelemetryLayer`] adds OpenTelemetry context to all `tracing` [span]s.
* [`OpenTelemetrySpanExt`] allows OpenTelemetry parent trace information to be
  injected and extracted from a `tracing` [span].

[`OpenTelemetryLayer`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/latest/tracing_opentelemetry/struct.OpenTelemetryLayer.html
[`OpenTelemetrySpanExt`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-opentelemetry/latest/tracing_opentelemetry/trait.OpenTelemetrySpanExt.html
[span]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/span/index.html
[`tracing`]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing
[OpenTelemetry]: https://opentelemetry.io/

## Examples

### Basic Usage

```rust
use opentelemetry::{api::Provider, sdk};
use tracing::{error, span};
use tracing_opentelemetry::OpenTelemetryLayer;
use tracing_subscriber::layer::SubscriberExt;
use tracing_subscriber::Registry;

fn main() {
    // Create a new tracer
    let tracer = sdk::Provider::default().get_tracer("component_name");

    // Create a new OpenTelemetry tracing layer
    let telemetry = OpenTelemetryLayer::with_tracer(tracer);

    let subscriber = Registry::default().with(telemetry);

    // Trace executed code
    tracing::subscriber::with_default(subscriber, || {
        let root = span!(tracing::Level::TRACE, "app_start", work_units = 2);
        let _enter = root.enter();

        error!("This event will be logged in the root span.");
    });
}
```

### Visualization example

```console
# Run a supported collector like jaeger in the background
$ docker run -d -p6831:6831/udp -p6832:6832/udp -p16686:16686 jaegertracing/all-in-one:latest

# Run example to produce spans (from parent examples directory)
$ cargo run --example opentelemetry

# View spans (see the image below)
$ firefox http://localhost:16686/
```

![Jaeger UI](trace.png)

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Tracing by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.
