tracing-attributes/README.md, before:

![Tracing — Structured, application-level diagnostics][splash]

[splash]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tokio-rs/tracing/master/assets/splash.svg

# tracing-attributes

Macro attributes for application-level tracing.

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![Documentation (master)][docs-master-badge]][docs-master-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]
[![Discord chat][discord-badge]][discord-url]

[Documentation][docs-url] | [Chat][discord-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tracing-attributes.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing-attributes
[docs-badge]: https://docs.rs/tracing-attributes/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/tracing-attributes/0.1.10
[docs-master-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-master-blue
[docs-master-url]: https://tracing-rs.netlify.com/tracing_attributes
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]:https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/actions?query=workflow%3ACI
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/500028886025895936?logo=discord&label=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/EeF3cQw

## Overview

[`tracing`] is a framework for instrumenting Rust programs to collect
structured, event-based diagnostic information. This crate provides the
`#[instrument]` attribute for automatically instrumenting functions using
`tracing`.

Note that this macro is also re-exported by the main `tracing` crate.

## Usage

First, add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
tracing-attributes = "0.1.10"
```

*Compiler support: requires rustc 1.39+*

This crate provides the `#[instrument]` attribute for instrumenting a function
with a `tracing` [span]. For example:

```rust
use tracing_attributes::instrument;

#[instrument]
pub fn my_function(my_arg: usize) {
    // ...
}
```


[`tracing`]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing
[span]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/span/index.html

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Tokio by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.

Commit message:

docs: consistent MSRV docs, explain policy
Signed-off-by: Eliza Weisman <eliza@buoyant.io>

tracing-attributes/README.md, after:

![Tracing — Structured, application-level diagnostics][splash]

[splash]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tokio-rs/tracing/master/assets/splash.svg

# tracing-attributes

Macro attributes for application-level tracing.

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![Documentation (master)][docs-master-badge]][docs-master-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]
[![Discord chat][discord-badge]][discord-url]

[Documentation][docs-url] | [Chat][discord-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tracing-attributes.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing-attributes
[docs-badge]: https://docs.rs/tracing-attributes/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/tracing-attributes/0.1.10
[docs-master-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-master-blue
[docs-master-url]: https://tracing-rs.netlify.com/tracing_attributes
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]:https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/actions?query=workflow%3ACI
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/500028886025895936?logo=discord&label=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/EeF3cQw

## Overview

[`tracing`] is a framework for instrumenting Rust programs to collect
structured, event-based diagnostic information. This crate provides the
`#[instrument]` attribute for automatically instrumenting functions using
`tracing`.

Note that this macro is also re-exported by the main `tracing` crate.

*Compiler support: [requires `rustc` 1.40+][msrv]*

[msrv]: #supported-rust-versions

## Usage

First, add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
tracing-attributes = "0.1.10"
```


This crate provides the `#[instrument]` attribute for instrumenting a function
with a `tracing` [span]. For example:

```rust
use tracing_attributes::instrument;

#[instrument]
pub fn my_function(my_arg: usize) {
    // ...
}
```

[`tracing`]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing
[span]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/span/index.html

## Supported Rust Versions

Tracing is built against the latest stable release. The minimum supported
version is 1.40. The current Tracing version is not guaranteed to build on Rust
versions earlier than the minimum supported version.

Tracing follows the same compiler support policies as the rest of the Tokio
project. The current stable Rust compiler and the three most recent minor
versions before it will always be supported. For example, if the current stable
compiler version is 1.45, the minimum supported version will not be increased
past 1.42, three minor versions prior. Increasing the minimum supported compiler
version is not considered a semver breaking change as long as doing so complies
with this policy.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Tokio by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.
