tracing-error/README.md, before:

# tracing-error

Utilities for enriching error handling with [`tracing`] diagnostic
information.

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![Documentation (master)][docs-master-badge]][docs-master-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]
[![Discord chat][discord-badge]][discord-url]
![maintenance status][maint-badge]

[Documentation (release)][docs-url] | [Documentation (master)][docs-master-url] | [Chat][discord-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tracing-error.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing-error/0.1.2
[docs-badge]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/0.1.2/tracing_error
[docs-master-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-master-blue
[docs-master-url]: https://tracing-rs.netlify.com/tracing_error
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]:https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/actions?query=workflow%3ACI
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/500028886025895936?logo=discord&label=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/EeF3cQw
[maint-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-experimental-blue.svg

# Overview

[`tracing`] is a framework for instrumenting Rust programs to collect
scoped, structured, and async-aware diagnostics. This crate provides
integrations between [`tracing`] instrumentation and Rust error handling. It
enables enriching error types with diagnostic information from `tracing`
[span] contexts, formatting those contexts when errors are displayed, and
automatically generate `tracing` [events] when errors occur.

The crate provides the following:

* [`SpanTrace`], a captured trace of the current `tracing` [span] context

* [`ErrorLayer`], a [subscriber layer] which enables capturing `SpanTrace`s

**Note**: This crate is currently experimental.

*Compiler support: requires `rustc` 1.39+*

## Usage

`tracing-error` provides the [`SpanTrace`] type, which captures the current
`tracing` span context when it is constructed and allows it to be displayed
at a later time.

For example:

```rust
use std::{fmt, error::Error};
use tracing_error::SpanTrace;

#[derive(Debug)]
pub struct MyError {
    context: SpanTrace,
    // ...
}

impl fmt::Display for MyError {
    fn fmt(&self, f: &mut fmt::Formatter<'_>) -> fmt::Result {
        // ... format other parts of the error ...

        self.context.fmt(f)?;

        // ... format other error context information, cause chain, etc ...
        # Ok(())
    }
}

impl Error for MyError {}

impl MyError {
    pub fn new() -> Self {
        Self {
            context: SpanTrace::capture(),
            // ... other error information ...
        }
    }
}
```

This crate also provides [`TracedError`], for attaching a [`SpanTrace`] to an
existing error. The easiest way to wrap errors in `TracedError` is to either
use the [`InstrumentResult`] and [`InstrumentError`] traits or the `From`/`Into`
traits.

```rust
use tracing_error::prelude::*;

std::fs::read_to_string("myfile.txt").in_current_span()?;
```

Once an error has been wrapped with with a [`TracedError`], the [`SpanTrace`]
can be extracted one of three ways: either via [`TracedError`]'s
`Display`/`Debug` implementations, or via the [`ExtractSpanTrace`] trait.

For example, here is how one might print the errors but specialize the
printing when the error is a placeholder for a wrapping [`SpanTrace`]:

```rust
use std::error::Error;
use tracing_error::ExtractSpanTrace as _;

fn print_extracted_spantraces(error: &(dyn Error + 'static)) {
    let mut error = Some(error);
    let mut ind = 0;

    eprintln!("Error:");

    while let Some(err) = error {
        if let Some(spantrace) = err.span_trace() {
            eprintln!("found a spantrace:\n{}", spantrace);
        } else {
            eprintln!("{:>4}: {}", ind, err);
        }

        error = err.source();
        ind += 1;
    }
}

```

Whereas here, we can still display the content of the `SpanTraces` without
any special casing by simply printing all errors in our error chain.

```rust
use std::error::Error;

fn print_naive_spantraces(error: &(dyn Error + 'static)) {
    let mut error = Some(error);
    let mut ind = 0;

    eprintln!("Error:");

    while let Some(err) = error {
        eprintln!("{:>4}: {}", ind, err);
        error = err.source();
        ind += 1;
    }
}
```

Applications that wish to use `tracing-error`-enabled errors should
construct an [`ErrorLayer`] and add it to their [`Subscriber`] in order to
enable capturing [`SpanTrace`]s. For example:

```rust
use tracing_error::ErrorLayer;
use tracing_subscriber::prelude::*;

fn main() {
    let subscriber = tracing_subscriber::Registry::default()
        // any number of other subscriber layers may be added before or
        // after the `ErrorLayer`...
        .with(ErrorLayer::default());

    // set the subscriber as the default for the application
    tracing::subscriber::set_global_default(subscriber);
}
```

## Feature Flags

- `traced-error` - Enables the [`TracedError`] type and related traits
    - [`InstrumentResult`] and [`InstrumentError`] extension traits, which
    provide an [`in_current_span()`] method for bundling errors with a
    [`SpanTrace`].
    - [`ExtractSpanTrace`] extension trait, for extracting `SpanTrace`s from
    behind `dyn Error` trait objects.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Tracing by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.

[`SpanTrace`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/struct.SpanTrace.html
[`ErrorLayer`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/struct.ErrorLayer.html
[`TracedError`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/struct.TracedError.html
[`InstrumentResult`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.InstrumentResult.html
[`InstrumentError`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.InstrumentError.html
[`ExtractSpanTrace`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.ExtractSpanTrace.html
[`in_current_span()`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.InstrumentResult.html#tymethod.in_current_span
[span]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/span/index.html
[events]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/struct.Event.html
[`Subscriber`]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/trait.Subscriber.html
[subscriber layer]: https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/layer/trait.Layer.html
[`tracing`]: https://docs.rs/tracing
[`std::error::Error`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/error/trait.Error.html
[`SpanTrace`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/0.1.2/tracing_error/struct.SpanTrace.html
[`ErrorLayer`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/0.1.2/tracing_error/struct.ErrorLayer.html

Commit message:

Add related crates for tracing-error

tracing-error/README.md, after:

# tracing-error

Utilities for enriching error handling with [`tracing`] diagnostic
information.

[![Crates.io][crates-badge]][crates-url]
[![Documentation][docs-badge]][docs-url]
[![Documentation (master)][docs-master-badge]][docs-master-url]
[![MIT licensed][mit-badge]][mit-url]
[![Build Status][actions-badge]][actions-url]
[![Discord chat][discord-badge]][discord-url]
![maintenance status][maint-badge]

[Documentation (release)][docs-url] | [Documentation (master)][docs-master-url] | [Chat][discord-url]

[crates-badge]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/tracing-error.svg
[crates-url]: https://crates.io/crates/tracing-error/0.1.2
[docs-badge]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/badge.svg
[docs-url]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/0.1.2/tracing_error
[docs-master-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-master-blue
[docs-master-url]: https://tracing-rs.netlify.com/tracing_error
[mit-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg
[mit-url]: LICENSE
[actions-badge]: https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/workflows/CI/badge.svg
[actions-url]:https://github.com/tokio-rs/tracing/actions?query=workflow%3ACI
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/500028886025895936?logo=discord&label=discord&logoColor=white
[discord-url]: https://discord.gg/EeF3cQw
[maint-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/maintenance-experimental-blue.svg

# Overview

[`tracing`] is a framework for instrumenting Rust programs to collect
scoped, structured, and async-aware diagnostics. This crate provides
integrations between [`tracing`] instrumentation and Rust error handling. It
enables enriching error types with diagnostic information from `tracing`
[span] contexts, formatting those contexts when errors are displayed, and
automatically generate `tracing` [events] when errors occur.

The crate provides the following:

* [`SpanTrace`], a captured trace of the current `tracing` [span] context

* [`ErrorLayer`], a [subscriber layer] which enables capturing `SpanTrace`s

**Note**: This crate is currently experimental.

*Compiler support: requires `rustc` 1.39+*

## Usage

`tracing-error` provides the [`SpanTrace`] type, which captures the current
`tracing` span context when it is constructed and allows it to be displayed
at a later time.

For example:

```rust
use std::{fmt, error::Error};
use tracing_error::SpanTrace;

#[derive(Debug)]
pub struct MyError {
    context: SpanTrace,
    // ...
}

impl fmt::Display for MyError {
    fn fmt(&self, f: &mut fmt::Formatter<'_>) -> fmt::Result {
        // ... format other parts of the error ...

        self.context.fmt(f)?;

        // ... format other error context information, cause chain, etc ...
        # Ok(())
    }
}

impl Error for MyError {}

impl MyError {
    pub fn new() -> Self {
        Self {
            context: SpanTrace::capture(),
            // ... other error information ...
        }
    }
}
```

This crate also provides [`TracedError`], for attaching a [`SpanTrace`] to an
existing error. The easiest way to wrap errors in `TracedError` is to either
use the [`InstrumentResult`] and [`InstrumentError`] traits or the `From`/`Into`
traits.

```rust
use tracing_error::prelude::*;

std::fs::read_to_string("myfile.txt").in_current_span()?;
```

Once an error has been wrapped with with a [`TracedError`], the [`SpanTrace`]
can be extracted one of three ways: either via [`TracedError`]'s
`Display`/`Debug` implementations, or via the [`ExtractSpanTrace`] trait.

For example, here is how one might print the errors but specialize the
printing when the error is a placeholder for a wrapping [`SpanTrace`]:

```rust
use std::error::Error;
use tracing_error::ExtractSpanTrace as _;

fn print_extracted_spantraces(error: &(dyn Error + 'static)) {
    let mut error = Some(error);
    let mut ind = 0;

    eprintln!("Error:");

    while let Some(err) = error {
        if let Some(spantrace) = err.span_trace() {
            eprintln!("found a spantrace:\n{}", spantrace);
        } else {
            eprintln!("{:>4}: {}", ind, err);
        }

        error = err.source();
        ind += 1;
    }
}

```

Whereas here, we can still display the content of the `SpanTraces` without
any special casing by simply printing all errors in our error chain.

```rust
use std::error::Error;

fn print_naive_spantraces(error: &(dyn Error + 'static)) {
    let mut error = Some(error);
    let mut ind = 0;

    eprintln!("Error:");

    while let Some(err) = error {
        eprintln!("{:>4}: {}", ind, err);
        error = err.source();
        ind += 1;
    }
}
```

Applications that wish to use `tracing-error`-enabled errors should
construct an [`ErrorLayer`] and add it to their [`Subscriber`] in order to
enable capturing [`SpanTrace`]s. For example:

```rust
use tracing_error::ErrorLayer;
use tracing_subscriber::prelude::*;

fn main() {
    let subscriber = tracing_subscriber::Registry::default()
        // any number of other subscriber layers may be added before or
        // after the `ErrorLayer`...
        .with(ErrorLayer::default());

    // set the subscriber as the default for the application
    tracing::subscriber::set_global_default(subscriber);
}
```

## Feature Flags

- `traced-error` - Enables the [`TracedError`] type and related traits
    - [`InstrumentResult`] and [`InstrumentError`] extension traits, which
    provide an [`in_current_span()`] method for bundling errors with a
    [`SpanTrace`].
    - [`ExtractSpanTrace`] extension trait, for extracting `SpanTrace`s from
    behind `dyn Error` trait objects.

## Related Crates

In addition to this repository, here are also several third-party crates which
are not maintained by the `tokio` project. These include:

- [`color-spantrace`] provides a formatter for rendering SpanTrace in the style
  of `color-backtrace`
- [`color-eyre`] provides a customized version of `eyre::Report` for capturing
  span traces and backtraces with new errors and pretty printing them in error
  reports.

[`color-spantrace`]: https://github.com/yaahc/color-spantrace
[`color-eyre`]: https://github.com/yaahc/color-eyre

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in Tracing by you, shall be licensed as MIT, without any additional
terms or conditions.

[`SpanTrace`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/struct.SpanTrace.html
[`ErrorLayer`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/struct.ErrorLayer.html
[`TracedError`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/struct.TracedError.html
[`InstrumentResult`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.InstrumentResult.html
[`InstrumentError`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.InstrumentError.html
[`ExtractSpanTrace`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.ExtractSpanTrace.html
[`in_current_span()`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/*/tracing_error/trait.InstrumentResult.html#tymethod.in_current_span
[span]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/span/index.html
[events]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/struct.Event.html
[`Subscriber`]: https://docs.rs/tracing/latest/tracing/trait.Subscriber.html
[subscriber layer]: https://docs.rs/tracing-subscriber/latest/tracing_subscriber/layer/trait.Layer.html
[`tracing`]: https://docs.rs/tracing
[`std::error::Error`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/stable/std/error/trait.Error.html
[`SpanTrace`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/0.1.2/tracing_error/struct.SpanTrace.html
[`ErrorLayer`]: https://docs.rs/tracing-error/0.1.2/tracing_error/struct.ErrorLayer.html
